Unreal Engine plugin documentation update (#5428)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-primer/unreal.mdx

- Native support for automatic crash error tracking for
  - Android by using the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/) to support Java, Kotlin, C and C++
  - iOS by using the [iOS SDK](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/) to support Objective-C, Swift, C and C++
  - Windows, Mac and Linux by using the [Native SDK](/platforms/native/) to support C and C++ with minidumps
- Compatible with Unreal Engine 5
- [Crash Report Client](/platforms/unreal/setup-crashreport/) provided along with Unreal Engine

<Alert level="warning" title="Warning">

> In order to capture crashes on Windows and Mac automatically Crash Report Client has to be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to capture crashes on Windows and Mac automatically [Crash Reporter Client](setup-crashreporter/) has to be configured.
```

We need to rename the page to Setup Crash Reporter Client. And add a redirect from the old name
